ECLIPSE ANDROID PROJECT IMPORT SUMMARY
======================================

Risky Project Location:
-----------------------
The tools *should* handle project locations in any directory. However,
due to bugs, placing projects in directories containing spaces in the
path, or characters like ", ' and &, have had issues. We're working to
eliminate these bugs, but to save yourself headaches you may want to
move your project to a location where this is not a problem.
C:\Users\Mitch\Documents\Unity Games\Plugins\play-games-plugin-for-unity\source\SupportLib
                              -                                                           

Replaced Libraries with Dependencies:
-------------------------------------
The importer recognized the following library projects as third party
libraries and replaced them with Gradle dependencies instead. This has
the advantage that more explicit version information is known, and the
libraries can be updated automatically. However, it is possible that
the source files in your project were of an older version than the
dependency we picked, which could render the project not compileable.
You can disable the library replacement in the import wizard and try
again:

google-play-services_lib => [com.google.android.gms:play-services:+]

Next Steps:
-----------
You can now build the project. The Gradle project needs network
connectivity to download dependencies.

Bugs:
-----
If for some reason your project does not build, and you determine that
it is due to a bug or limitation of the Eclipse to Gradle importer,
please file a bug at http://b.android.com with category
Component-Tools.

(This import summary is for your information only, and can be deleted
after import once you are satisfied with the results.)
